Composed by: Imyrr on or about the 14th of Sarapin, 903 AF.

One by one, the bonds of the Prime fall away as you embark on a journey
of transcendence. Though a mere Thrall now, greater heights await your
intrepid will.

Within our House, only those with the mettle to persevere may achieve
success. You have proven yourself capable of the most basic survival,
and thus perhaps your suitability to carry out our work.

Finding a mentor:

This step is optional, but highly recommended. Check HOUSE MENTORS for a
list of recently active members who qualify to be a mentor. You may also
wish to reference HHELP MENTORS where some have chosen to include a bit
more about themselves and their various fields of study. Understand that
choosing a mentor is a significant step, but should your mentor become
unavailable remember that the Head of Newcomers and their aides will
always be available to you for assistance.

The Servelan Tour:

Walk to Epicurus and request the Servelan Tour. During this tour you
will learn about Servelan de Vermiis and the summoning of the Unnamable
Horror. Once you have completed this tour, theorize your own experiment
to be shared at the time of your interview. Note: You will not be
expected to perform this experiment at this stage, lest you hurt
yourself or others, but you should have a clear goal in mind.

?? What is the purpose of the experiment?
?? What are the limitations?
?? How does Imyrr due emotes without his name
   - from TheImyrrianRites / CEREMONIAL BINDING OF BLOOD
   - With a thankful wave from the Atavian, the mass of Chaos disperses into nothing, and the silence lifts from the room.
   - Is it merely recorded this way?




An Introduction to the Chaos Lords:

Seek out and read the Ruinous Accords, located upon a tablet at the
gates of Ashtan if you have not already done so. The Chaos Lords are
integral to our ultimate goal of ascending to the Chaos Court. You will
notice that there are several statues of them located around the city.

Locate and pick one that you find interesting and perform a simple rite
in their honour (seek guidance from your mentor or a novice aide). You
may wish to seek out the Nicator Archives where a few scrolls can be
found about various Chaos Lords, or speak with your Housemates for more
information about them.

Contact the Magister of Bedlam or a novice aide when you have completed
these tasks in order to advance to Servitor.
